docs: improve install section, improve style, add pod override info (#587)
stackabletech/hdfs-operator: docs/modules/hdfs/pages/usage-guide/operations/pod-disruptions.adoc

You can configure the permitted Pod disruptions for HDFS nodes as described in xref:concepts:operations/pod_disruptions.adoc[].

Unless you configure something else or disable the default PodDisruptionBudgets (PDBs), the operator writes the following PDBs:

== JournalNodes
Only a single JournalNode is allowed to be offline at any given time, regardless of the number of replicas or `roleGroups`.

== NameNodes
Only a single NameNode is allowed to be offline at any given time, regardless of the number of replicas or `roleGroups`.

== DataNodes
For DataNodes the question of how many instances can be unavailable at the same time is a bit harder:
HDFS stores your blocks on the DataNodes.
Every block can be replicated multiple times (to multiple DataNodes) to ensure maximum availability.
The default replication factor is `3` - which can be configured using `spec.clusterConfig.dfsReplication`. However, it is also possible to change the replication factor for a specific file or directory to something other than the cluster default.

> When you have a replication of `3`, you can safely take down 2 DataNodes, as there is always a third DataNode holding a copy of each block currently assigned to one of the unavailable DataNodes.
> However, you need to be aware that you are now down to a single point of failure -- the last of three replicas!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a replication of `3`, at most 2 data nodes may be down, as the third one is holding a copy of each block currently assigned to the unavailable nodes.
However, the last data node running is now a single point of failure -- the last of three replicas!
```
